In Lesson 1, we learned about valuable principles,
processes, and procedures such as defense and depth,
using the NIST 800 framework in developing your security program,
and finally, the principle of least privilege,
which popped up throughout the course.
In Lesson 2, we learned about firewalls,
including learning our own basic rule.
We learned terminology and best practices for securing our wireless infrastructure.
We spent some time learning about intrusion detection and wrote a sample signature,
and closing Lesson 2 out,
we spent quite a bit of time securing Windows and Linux operating systems.
In Lesson 3, we covered a bit logs,
monitoring network traffic, and we closed it out with a look at SIEMs.
In the final lesson,
we had an introduction to encryption.
We learned about encryption and transit,
and we close that one out with file Hashes and Digital signatures.
Now it's time for the project.